Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
Now I've added in all the format into the ad commentary section.
Now there are a few things I need to draw your attention to.
This one,
Alan Commentary to a three is fairly straightforward because bold in the month,
we've just used the in string and we've used my month just like we did in the last demo for
the year.
Obviously,
we've changed my month to my year,
but here's where it gets a little more complex,
not particularly complex as long as you understand exactly what you're doing when we bowled
profit because we set the format when we wrote the text.
What we need toe add in here is the full thing,
including the format.
So if we just said range 23 on and excel down dot value,
what we would have returned was literally just the digits,
we would have omitted the pound sign.
So because this is exactly what we specified when we wrote the string,
that is exactly what we have to specify here now,
Similarly done in the ad commentary to a four.
This is the next line again because we didn't actually read this into about a variable.
We actually read the top performing sales person's name from Range A 24 to his result.
We have just specified range A 24 here where we had above.
We had my mom for my year and exactly the same here.
We have said the length of range A $24 value again in a four where we've done the profit.
We've also mentioned the format so we get exactly the right length.
It's exactly the same for if I So let me just hit Stop!
Come back to the source data sheet.
We're gonna wish all the way back up to the top.
We're going to come here.
We're gonna debug.
We're gonna run to Kenya,
Sample more,
more,
more Bomb on.
We're going to hit at com entering.
And I'm just gonna move this out the way a little bit so we can see that you won't see all
of the code,
but you'll see what's happening at runtime.
So they go,
there's our title.
Here's our profit.
There's January just gum bold.
The next thing we're gonna do is make the year bold.
There goes the year now we're going to make the profits bold.
There goes the prophet.
Never gonna add the text a full.
Then we're going to make Justin g bold.
We're gonna make hiss profit Boulder gonna add the text a five on.
Here we go.
We're going to make the clothing category bold on.
We're going to make the profit bold.
Now have looked at this.
I think what we probably need to do is have this particular table beginning one road down,
so it gives us a bit of space that Okay,
in the next lecture,
we're gonna have a look.
A just tidying up the formatting on the title here on.
Then we'll get onto oppo chart,
which will be our finishing touch.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.